readme

---

```
00:00 The discussion, the difference between Farm specific market-wide news, the first discussions about Market, why you use this inflation? The whole Market versus it's just? One or two drugs. Okay, so I could not help but put this last piece of news, uh, which is again very specific of the firm specific variety. 00:22 Uh, this is a very unusual event, so I wanted to bring it up to your attention. A new company went through an IPO today. Uh, the company's name is bullish. It's not the Marcus boys. The company's name is bullish. And it's a it's a cryptocurrency exchange, and that went public. 00:41 It's the crypto. The Exchange itself is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Uh, it has the backing. There is no news worth it. It's because it has a lot of heavyweight. Uh, involved. The New York Stock Exchange president, you know, past president? Is the CEO of the company, so he knows what he's doing. 01:02 There's lots of other. Uh, luminaries in the cryptocurrency markets so. Uh, you know, it's. It's a company that's gotten a lot of attention, uh, and Peter Theo is one of them from from, uh, from my I remember correctly, and when the company went public, the uh, estimated, uh, expected. 01:24 Ipo price was initially 30, then 31, and then. 37 dollars, a share. That's what you know people. For those people who are kind of generally bullish, they said that very optimistic price of 30, a share. Okay, that's right, how that's. That's the the price at which the company, uh, first starts trading. 01:43 Okay. Uh, at that price, they raised 1.1 billion dollars okay, uh, and, uh. What happened to the market well? Instead of people buying and selling what the the Brokers and dealers received was only buy, buy, buy, buy, buy orders, and you could see the stock price was going up, up, up, up, up, up, up. 02:06 Okay, so they were basically not feeling any sell orders they were. Everybody was buying, uh, the stock the stock at this point. And then, uh, there is at some point there was some sell orders, and then they had some much more kind of a normal trading. Okay, so that's, that's very, uh, very unusual about this. 02:24 A huge, uh. Uh, you know, one-sided Market if you will. For that for that stock. Um, you know, at some point, it went from 37 to 100 or 100 more than 100, uh, and now it's it's. It stayed at 68. So, this shows you a certain okay if you have. 02:45 Uh, a new company that that's selling, uh, a 37. It was underpriced, you would say, uh. So, the question is? Who said the 37 price? And the answer to that is the investment Banks. Uh, was the uh IPO price too low. Well, people who are involved in this, who are all very, you know? 03:08 Uh, bullish on the company, so they work at. They were willing to take risks, so I presumably the 37 valuation a price for for 37 price was on the high end. So, the $68 seems to be kind of a, you know, a huge, huge, uh, um, you know, uh, move up. 03:26 And if you will, so there's a lot of firm specific volatility here. Okay. Uh, so we will see what happens, uh, in with the stock. So, can you just keep an eye on it just out of curious? So, one one thing you should ask yourself is, should I buy it tomorrow? 03:44 Kind of, you know, I want you to kind of to think of to try to internalize the risk instead of kind of be taking the backseat. Say you know what you know? Wouldn't be buying this kind of stock? Uh, somebody was asking me yesterday, you know what? What stock should we invest in? 03:58 Well, if Europe extremely, uh? Risk seeking, or you like risk. This is perhaps stock to consider, not because I into cryptocurrency, but just because the stock would have a high, very high data is going to have a very high. Say it again. I've never met him, but. 04:21 Okay, sorry, uh, yeah, no worries. Okay, so that's the idea. And that's again, uh, fluctuations in the, uh, in the, uh, this, this, the price of one stock, the, uh, the stock market today went up tiny little bit, you know, like less than a percent. Have the stock price of bullish went up by 83, so that's kind of. 04:43 This is purely firm, specific volatility, yeah. Okay, so those are the news and I'll refer to some of those Notions from specific versus Market specific. Uh, in a lecture. Okay, so here's the um. What are we going to cover today? Uh, we're gonna go. Through the captain. I'm gonna just remind you what we've talked about as we've talked about schematic versus asyncratic risk. 05:09 We'll talk about the Notions of diversification and hedging how they're related, how, how their their they are very different. It's one is about using credit risk. One is about schematic risk. We'll talk about how to amplify. Uh positions, and how to amplify risk through leverage. Uh, we'll talk about Capital budgeting rules. 05:33 I'll come back to hedging if you have time. This is going to be Advanced material. Because you know, I wanted to get a bit more specific. So, this is going to be a question mark if you have time, and in the last five minutes, uh of, the of the class, I'm gonna introduce the Airbus case. 05:50 That will cover next next Monday. Okay? So, here's where we recovered. Last time we were basically saying, if you're one of price, any asset. Uh, the price is expected. Future cash flows or the cash flows in the future. In the next period period, after that you're discounting them by this return. 06:09 Okay, so that's the the valuation formula that we were looking at, uh, you know? This is a future value future values here, and this is the present value that we were discussing okay and the, uh. Most of the discussion centered around this are the discount we call this the discount rate, how a risking investment is, the higher they are. 06:33 Uh, the higher the risk, the lower the price in vice versa. Okay. Uh, so the. The one thing we have not talked about is the cash flows, and that's what will come to in a second. How to model the cash flows, uh, in this in the setting? But we do need both cash flows, the numerator. 06:54 Uh, and the the discount rate, the denominator denominator, to make this formula work and. Most, uh, people in finance or not, most pretty much everybody in finance would look at the valuation exercise in this form. Uh, the this agreement would be what you stick in those numbers and what discount rate you use. 07:12 That's where the disagreement usually is not in the morning. Okay, so the discount rate is, we saw it was, was this, uh, model the captain, the capital asset question about which is the return of an asset is equal to the risk-free rate, plus this compensation for risk. Okay, and this is one of the last slides I covered last time. 07:35 I'm I'm not gonna, uh, spend more time than just saying, oh, this is the beta. Is this poor variance? How? How much the asset code varies with the market? Okay? Uh, so the the cafe is, uh, simple, which makes it very appealing, uh, for practitioners, especially. But it's a very simplistic model, and I would not. 07:55 I don't want to. Uh, leave you with the impression that this is the only model that we use. They actually can improve upon it. You can add other factors. Additional factors here. That would improve upon the captain. That makes it a multi-factor model. Uh, but the the the captain, the one factor model that that we have here, is perhaps the most widely, uh, used one. 08:22 Okay? So, that's um. That's the um. Okay. So the background has been. Couple of Nobel prices associated with this model. Marcoids, who was a tcsd until he passed. Uh, was uh associated with it in sharp. That William sharp was also associated. And they cut them, made it clear that. 08:49 Uh, if you're thinking of risk as the variance of an asset. Uh, how an acid fluctuates well? This would not be enough to assess risk because the variance of an asset is comprised of two things systematic risk, which you know the captain speaks to and idiosyncratic risk. And understanding. 09:10 The systematic, idiosyncratic risk is what the captain actually offers a way of identifying, separating one from the other. Okay, so it's not a total variance of return of returns that would matter. Okay, so if you're thinking of the total variance of percentage risk, that's not going to be the right statistic to look at. 09:27 Okay. Because the various captures two things this idiosyncratic risk, uh? That I talked about. This is the, uh, you know, Billy, Govi, and ozempic. Those, you know, some of that fluctuations. They go up, and then they go down. And then the systematic risk, which is kind of the market risk, which is kind of slowly going up and slowly going down and systematic risk cannot be Diversified. 09:51 By definition, if you're, if you're holding the market, you already Diversify. There's no way there's no place to go. Um, so systematic risk. You either have to hold it, or you have to hedge it. You have to. You know by insurers, pay someone else to hold for you? Okay, Dr velcro, just just to go back for a second, is the discount rate the same as the beta. 10:16 Industry, are they the same? Or is beta factored into discount rate? The beta is an input for the discount rate, so the beta is the beta times the beta times the market premium Market minus risk three. Plus, there is free asset gives you the, uh, the, uh, the discount. 10:34 So, let's, let's do an example. So, she correctly that this, the risk-free rate is about five percent, right? Uh, suppose you have an asset. Walmart, whose beta is 7 okay? So, the beta Walmart is 7. Now, I know that the return of the stock market is about 12. The return there is clear asset is 55%. 11:01 By plugging all those numbers, I can get the discount rate of Walmart. Okay. So basically, five, five, plus 0.7 *, 7%. That would give me the discount rate of of water. So, the beta gives me is one of the inputs that that goes into calculation. But it's not enough, because, as we discussed, if there is clear rate as today, there is parade would go down, then the discount rate will go down. 11:28 It's not only the beta, it's also there is query. Got it. Thank you that. That's why you need them the model. And now, there's also a discussion of how to estimate the data, you know, so? You know, I, uh. But at this point, you can think of the data as being, you know, given by a data provider. 11:45 If you're a Bloomberg or Yahoo finance? Okay, wonderful. That's a good question, uh, it's always good to get to go through a couple of examples. Okay, uh? So? So, the question is about from on the cabin, uh. So, what would happen to always expect the returns when the FED decreases the FED funds rate? 12:09 And that's, that was just what I was referring to. This is the the, uh, the market, uh, if the FED funds rate goes down, the risk rate goes down, then all return expected. Returns will go down. So that will be seen as a generally a good thing, because, uh, expect returns will go down the risk in the economy has gone down. 12:30 Prices will go up okay. So, what would be the the effectual valuations prices? Get? That was our discussion, uh, at the beginning, okay? So the risk parade would have an impact on all assets in the economy, so the risk rate is one of those. Inputs that everybody follows, because whether you're in in in private Equity, whether you're in I don't know mortgages, whether you are into selling cars, and you know you need, you know, financing? 13:04 Whether you're into, uh, you know? Financing deals. VC deals with some borrowed money. Any any of those activities would involve the risky rate, uh, and and lowering the interest. There is great is a good thing for you. Okay. Uh, one extra comment. For those of you who might have seen this? 13:28 Uh, so if? If I want to estimate the beta I the way this is done is through. A regression, and there's fancy ways. Uh, now machine learning ways of estimating data. But it's really. A data exercise. Somebody asked at the end of last class. How do you do it? 13:51 You do it with historical data. Yes, there is absolutely. It's one of the statistics that you, that you, uh, that you have to come up with, and you estimate it using, uh, using, uh, you know, historical data, okay? Sometimes, the beta is time varying. So, you see, beta is written with the subscript, a subscript key, uh, just because, you know, people want to get even, you know, fancy in an estimating data over time. 14:15 Okay. Another, uh, comment. Is that what I can write this model slightly differently? Uh, but when by doing the following trick? If I put the risky rate on the other side? Characterist grade is kind of The Intercept if I put it on the other side. I'm gonna get the expected return of the asset, minus the risk-free rate, is equal to this expression. 14:43 Okay, so that's what I get here. Okay, I get that the return of investment, minus the risk-free rate. Is equal to Beta plus the market minus very screwing. That's the campaign. Now, all of a sudden, I have this extra term Alpha. Yo, there's a beta. There's there's got to be an alpha. 15:05 Uh, well, if the captain holds this Alpha should be equal to zero. Yeah. Uh. The alpha is how you test the calcium, if if you're a statistician, or if you're in in one of the Sciences, you can say, well, this is a model I have to test the model. 15:19 How do I test the model? Well, the test is, see if this Alpha is equal to zero. You run this regression you say. Is this Alpha equal to zero? Okay, and this is a very important test because the alpha has. Is used in marketing devices for hedge funds and and ETFs, uh, it's, it's known as. 15:40 The abnormal return of investment, the risk adjusted return of an investment, or, you know? It's also used for, you know, people to argue that they have skills to pick stocks or to pick certain ETFs beyond the market. So, why is this called risk adjusted return? Well, because if you run the return of an investment on the market itself? 16:04 You kind of adjusting for Market risk you're taking into account how this asset fluctuates with the market. And if you have anything left over? This return that's after risk adjustment gives you an extra either an extra positive return or negative return. Okay. So, a lot of hedge funds would argue that they have a positive Alpha, which means that after just adjusting for risk, they're able to get generate a return as Beyond this kind of Benchmark Beyond what they're tracking. 16:36 Uh, and there's always a discussion whether you know if you have an alpha, it's positive. Is this luck or skill? Is okay, hard to distinguish that in practice. But you know that there's always that discussion, uh, and there's literature in finance trying to kind of, you know? Uh, uh, disentangle, uh, skill from Market, okay? 16:57 Uh, so the alpha equal to zero versus Alpha, not equal to zero, is one of the things that that people discuss. Uh, you know, it's. It's very important to distinguish Alpha from beta beta is basically how systematic risk is, is, is, is being compensated, right? The beta gives you? 17:17 How you amplify the risk Alpha gives you the residual. 17:28 Sorry, okay, uh, any questions? Any question? 17:38 Could you quickly remind the RM in this equation? Is that? Market risk. This is the return of the market. Okay, this is this is the return, so think of this as the return of the S P 500 Index to make it concrete, okay, or some some index like that? 17:55 Yeah. An RF is the return of the risk. Please think of it, as you know, democration. If you will. So, yeah, you can right. You can run this regression tomorrow, and we're actually we charge. If you can read right now, you can say, GPT, can you run this? Can you pull me, uh, the, uh, market return? 18:15 There is query rate and run this regression. And you know, or you can do it yourself. Okay, so that's, that's just how, how easy, a practical and practical it is, yeah. I have a question about that, um, yeah. If you were looking to potentially? Use a different market return. 18:33 Say you wanted to focus on a certain sector or? Some other index. Would that make sense to do it for a certain type of analysis? If you were trying to narrow the scope of the analysis you were doing? Uh, well. Um. It's an interesting question, so the way I would do it is not narrow it. 18:52 I would add an extra Factor here. Um, we add beta 2. Uh, return of. Growth stocks minus return or value stocks. Another a second Factor or return on real estate minus something else? The, the the reason for that is that the market is a very important Benchmark. If you try to kind of, add and say, you know what I'm interested in in real estate or Pharmaceuticals. 19:20 After that, you're saying that beyond the market pharmaceuticals Celtics, I'll have something special, and that would be captured in this beta 2. Okay, so I would. I would go kind of expanding upon the market rather than just completely forgetting the market. People actually go the other way. People say, you know, what? 19:36 Let the market be, not the U.S stock market. Let's try to help the market to be as comprehensive as possible. So instead of being the return of the S P 500 Index, let's it be the return of all 5 000 stocks that trade on the New York Stock Exchange or 5 000 stocks. 19:54 That's their indices like that. Like, for example, the, uh, what is the ETF of vti? Etf allows you to trade, you know, four or five thousand stocks. Okay, so the market should be as comprehensive as as possible. And if you're interested in specific sectors, after that, for example, you know. 20:14 Banking. You can add that as a separate, separate Factor, okay. Thank you. Okay. Any other questions before we move on? Okay. All right, uh? So, as I mentioned, the captain is important to this entangle systematic from the Syncratic risk and before sharp came up with a model. It was. 20:39 It was hard to talk about the idiosyncratic and and systematic risk. There was, no, you know? There's no. You know, basis for that, and I want to give you kind of a perspective of what that's the case. So, if I think of a return that fluctuates, you know, gyrates. 20:54 I can think of this return being. Com. This the fluctuations being comprised of two things first is the systematic part, which is driven by the captain. Okay, this is our model. And this is the systematic. This is the first part of our discussion when interest rates go down up or down when inflation goes up and down. 21:14 What's going to happen to the entire Market? And then the second part, which is firm specific. If a firm, uh? How does it has it? If a firm has a discovery, invest in new technology, things do go well, or if a CEO does some something, particularly, you know, you know? 21:34 Uh, take some, you know, uh, make some fopa if you will, uh and, and uh, the company suffers. Those are going to be idiosyncratic events. Okay, and that's going to be captured by this Epsilon. I so I'm kind of adding this Epsilon. I I'm just using credit component. Yeah, so the beta, uh, times the market return this this component. 21:57 Here is this systematic component that you cannot get away from. Okay, this is something that you cannot diversify if the market increases or decreases. You're gonna be, you're gonna be going with it in Jekyll. Okay, so that's the market risk Market component. Okay. Uh, the e-syncratic risk is firm specific, and that's something that you can diversify away should you be holding. 22:22 Uh, novel Nordisk because you like the stock it's going to be risky because it's one stock sure, you know, it's a wonderful drug. Maybe, who knows, what's going to happen in the future? Maybe you have some side effects? Who knows, so it's, it's, uh, you know, you better diversify at least called pharmaceutical, uh, portfolio Diversified stocks, uh, or hold the market okay, unless you really want to load up on that specific firm specific risk. 22:50 Okay, so same with the bullish company, right? If you say, well, you know, I, I like crypto as a general. Well, sure, if you like cryptos General, you can either hold that specific company bullish, or you can help have an index. Okay, those are the choices. And the argument is that if you hold an index, you're going to be diversifying this risk. 23:09 You're not going to be having this risk. Okay, it's going to disappear. I'm not going to go through the calculations, but this is the distinction between idiosyncratic or systematic risk. The idiosocratic risk you can diversify in general, you should not. You should not be hope you should not hold it. 23:26 Uh, you know, it's, it's gives you extra volatility without extra return. Okay. Any questions on that, so it's an important distinction between idiosyncratic and systemic groups. So here's one implication that I'll come back to. Systematic risk. You cannot get away from. The only way you can lower systematic risk is if you insure yourself, which means you have to pay an insurance company to to hold, you know to, to lower the risk for you. 23:55 Okay, something happens the step in, and they'll make. They'll make you whole. It is Socratic risk. You can diversify at zero cost. Okay, so here we're talking about hedging. Here, we're going to be talking about the verification. 24:14 They're very different. Uh, different Notions, you know, even though we're going to be hedging systematic risk and? Eliminating, reducing credit risk by heating. So, this is, this is basically the slide okay. So, diversification eliminates the respirable risk. Uh, this is why, in the uh, in MBA schools, we always say you should not hold the one stock or two stocks, even if you think the companies are great, you should hold a portfolio of stocks, even if you like the idea if you say, well, I, I like, you know? 24:46 Fintech stocks, sure, don't hold one, don't hold two, hold the entire portfolio of your 20, 30, 40, 50 of those. So, if the fintech sector goes up, uh, it does well, you're gonna be Diversified. You know, if there, if one company, uh, does something you know, uh? Uh, goes to some turmoil. 25:05 You're not going to be hard too much, okay? So, that's the diversification. I have a question. Yes, go ahead. So? Something that I was wondering about is that I noticed that there's no consideration in the formulas about the time of how long it is like, you are invested on like the, you know, whatever the asset is like, is this basically assuming that? 25:33 Is not gonna change, or it's gonna be the same, whether you hold it for a year versus 10 years. Yes, so the assumption here is that the rate of return is? Uh, per unit of time. So, if I say the stock market return is, 12 percent is 12 per year. 25:52 Uh, and it's about 12% per year every year. Now, we cannot forecast. If one year is going to be 13 when the other in and whether the other level. So, remember, the stock market is an average Temple Capital. So, what we have is kind of an average, and that's what we model. 26:08 That's why it's a good question. That's why we have here expectation, which is kind of a. This is the technical way of thinking of the average return. 26:22 To estimate over the span of one or two years versus. Amor, avara, Chevrolet, 30, 40 years. 10-Year 10-year. If you have a Horizon of 10 years. Risk accumulates, things you know, expand. I mean, what's going to happen to? I don't know. Nvidia in 10 years, who knows? You know, go back 10 years. 26:49 The world was very different. 10 years ago, I can tell you what's going to happen tomorrow to Walmart, Walmart. Tomorrow is going to be the same as it is today in 10 years. Who knows what's going to be, what is going to happen to Walmart in 20 years? You know, things are even more questionable. 27:03 So, risk actually becomes compounds. The further out, you go in in time. Yeah, so it's the, uh, and that's why you have extra compensation. That's why compensation is per unit of time every year. You're gonna get 12, 12, to get to complex to compensate you for that. Yeah, so the various increases with time uncertainty increases in time. 27:24 So does expect a return. Yeah. Okay, question with respect to the idiosyncratic risk? Uh, so like, uh, how would you? I mean, we had a ways to calculate beta like, is there a way to actually calculate idiosyncratic risk. Uh, well, it is residual. So, what you do is yes, that's what. 27:47 That's what you do. You run a regression just one sentence because they don't want to get too technical, but during a regression on the return. Uh, on, on the market. You're gonna get the beta. And you know the interest had the alpha? And the residual from this regression is the Socratic risk. 28:06 Simple as that. Okay, so we, we don't actually priority. Like, calculate for the expected rate, uh, like? Using some past data of the component translated form specific so? Well, it's it's for specific run regression for each firm, but the residue of which form is the seducing credit risk. There's a schematic component. 28:28 And then there's this urea, and that's the. That's how much that's all there is that you can wash away and care about if it's Diversified. Okay. Wonderful. Okay, so let's keep pushing forward, um? The next thing I want to talk about is leverage, which is very important in finance. 28:45 And this is a way of taking the risk that you have whatever risk your, uh. Uh you've, you've decided to hold, uh, and. Magnifying it. Think of leverages the kind of way of, you know, uh? Increasing the risk. I want to just bring it to very simple terms. Uh, suppose you want to buy a house? 29:12 In San Diego for a million dollars. Okay, perhaps not a house, maybe a condo, maybe a one bedroom condo in, uh, in San Diego for a million dollars. Okay, so the way you do it, you put down 20 and you borrow 80. Uh, in terms of dollar amounts you. 29:30 I have to come up with $200,000, and the bank lends you $800,000. Okay, now suppose that in a year? The house appreciates by 20. Okay, it goes from one million to 1.2 million, okay? So 20. You sell the house. Uh, it's payoff. Hello. Eight hundred thousand. Uh, 1.2 minus 300, 000 you left with four hundred thousand dollars. 29:59 Okay, if you have to compute, uh, the return on your investment, uh, it's 400, minus 200, divided by 200, gives you a hundred percent. So, here's a question. The market when the real estate market went up by 20 percent. Yet, your investments went up by 100. Why? Leverage. So, how can you capture this? 30:24 And how does this make sense in our in this framework, where the leverage is, is the? Invested 200, 000, and you borrowed eight hundred thousand, so you basically invest somebody else's money. Or you need that money invest, uh, five times. Yes, I, I, I, that I kind of neglected at this point. 30:58 Yes, you should consider it not to make the complicated things at this point of of. And I sell immediately. The price goes up immediately. Okay, just as? Simplify things, otherwise you're going to have to carry this interesting. Yeah, so the human turn into the fact that you're leveraged into one, okay? 31:22 Or each dollar that you put, uh, that you've invested in this in the real estate. He bought four dollars additional. Okay, so how can you capture this? Well, you're gonna have to introduce this, uh, notional leverage. Return the return of a leveraged position, um? Equal to Upside. The Eternal Leverage position is going to be equal to the return of unlever tradition. 31:46 That's what comes from the cafe. 31:55 Well, the leverage is how much you've borrowed the debt that you that you are incurring over how much you invested. Debt to equity. In this case, eight hundred thousand over two hundred thousand. So, this is. Something that you know in in the, you know, if you bought a house, you can. 32:15 You can relate to, uh? And this is for our for us consumers. This is perhaps the kind of the only way of lettering up five to four to one or five to one. To the side of the left. After leveraging the return of the leverage, position is equal to return the unlevered position times five five times the inner position. 32:37 Okay, so, in our example, real estate went up by 20. We have leverage of five five times. Part two uses five five percent. Okay, so you see the Leverage is kind of a way of amplifying, uh? The higher the leverage, the higher the return. The lower delivered the Lord everything. 33:00 Okay, so the leverage is kind of a, you know, way of of increasing the risk, uh? Okay. 33:14 Well, um. Leverage of? Two, two, one, two, two, one, five. One is, you know, you're getting it's getting very, uh, very soluble. Like, there are? People were thanks to 11, 35-1. Their Sterns was one case. Very large leverage. Large leverage is not is not something that you might consider. 33:45 Okay, so here's in our previous example. To go there instead of fighting up. The house actually about went down the crease, uh, Christian dog, by 30 percent. Okay, so that would be one million. It's worth now seven hundred thousand, and you have to sell it. Cannot say, oh, I'm gonna hold it until you know, no. 34:10 Expose that you lose your job and you have to sell the house and it's equals 700, 000. Okay, well, you still have to return the eight hundred thousand dollars to the bank, uh, legendary day, uh, you're left with a hundred thousand dollars in whole, uh, the eternity of your investment is minus hundred fifty percent. 34:33 Uh, plus any hat you put in 200, 000 extra. So your return is minus and? So, what's happened here? Well, you lost more than the house. Because of Leverage again. So, it is possible with leverage is possible to make a lot of money more than 100 percent. And it's possible to lose a lot of. 34:58 Be wiped out. So, you've lost more than you have, uh, because of the leverage. And in this case same, I can do the calculation here. The return of the leverage position? Is equal to the, uh? Five times the unlevered position is the price. The price goes down by 30 times five. 35:19 Your investment goes down by 150, okay. Why is leverage report in finance? Well, one can argue that Finance is basically built on Leverage. Banks are levered institutions. Borrow, or they take deposits from us, and they invest them somewhere else. You know, close to ten to one? Yeah, maybe 12 to 1. 35:50 Uh, Bear's turns. Had a leverage of 35 to 1 for every dollar they had invested. They had borrowed 35 dollars from from other people from outside. Uh, and you know they went down. Okay, so if you had asked yourself if you have asked yourself well, stop the real estate market went down by 20, 30. 36:10 Why did their starters go bankrupt well because of the large language? That's why. Prices went down by 30 percent. Bearstone's assets, or uh positions, went down like 35 times. The 30 reduction okay? Uh, because of the 2007 a price, it's one of those. One of the changes that have happened since then is. 36:35 You know, more regulation has been put in place. From having this huge leverage. Specifically, this large things is important. Banks, the chairs, the JP mortgages, the other Bank of America, uh, the 20 largest institutions are are prevented from taking on. A huge amount of that. Okay, uh, smaller use pricing, small ways of making money, and they take positions by borrowing and investing those small positions. 37:18 To, uh, to amplify gains or lossages of private. Every deal is nothing but, you know, trying to get, uh, outside company, by an asset document, and so on. Okay. Have used. That's also lots of Leverage. Okay, so Finance is built on leverage, and I just wanted to be aware that. 37:43 If you buy a house cash? And if you buy a house with 20 down 80, financing those two deals are very, very different in terms of risk in return very different. Buying cash, you buying a piece of real estate, buying 20 down and 80 leverage, then you, you know, much more, levered much more exposed to fluctuations. 38:07 Okay. Any questions before we move on? Here. Okay, so what about cash flow? So, so far, we talked about, uh, the risk. What about the cash flows? Uh, and how, how do we model cash flow? So, I'm going to be quick here because cash flows are a bit more, less less interesting. 38:25 Uh, cash flows are very steady, usually. Fluctuate much unless the company goes through major takeover or legal structuring. The in this variation formula, we will make two simplifying assumptions. We're gonna think about the cash flows that companies have are either constant. Or the? Okay, so we're gonna make some. 38:54 This cash flows either stay. I cost it over time. Or they grow up a certain at a certain rate. Okay. So is the cat, the cash flow of the Constance, uh? Over time, this model is known as a perpetuity. Okay, uh, a perpetrity is an investment that yields constant cash flows forever. 39:21 Uh, you know, there's, if you? You know? Ask yourself well, can I do it? Are there any perpetuities out there? They're very, very few perpetrates out. There are, realistically, most most assets have growing cash flows. You know, you buy an asset because you want, you know, the profits to increase not to stay constant. 39:45 The classic example of that was this, uh, British bonds British, the British government issued, uh? Bonds that were actually have this feature. Constant cash flows to finance the Napoleonic Wars. And they're basically paying off their this. Uh, this bonds up until 2015. 250 to 300 years. They're actually paying off this bond without updating the principal. 40:14 Okay, so that's one way, uh, that's one asset. Okay. There is. Okay, I'm gonna keep keep, uh, talking guys. I, I'll respond to the comments. Uh, a bit later, because it's, it's, uh, it's we're up against the clock. Okay. So? If you want to, uh, value a perpetuity, an asset that does not grow or does not grow too much. 40:43 Calculation is going to be actually very simple. Suppose you have an asset that gives you four pounds here in this case, because we're talking about British bonds and your the asset gives you four pounds one year, four pound second year, you know, four pounds, you know, for 250 300 years? 40:59 Be the present value of that. Well, you take each payment, each cash flow, four pounds, four pounds, four pounds, and you discounted by an interest in this case. Interest rate in in Britain is 5.2 percent, uh, it is counted at 5.2 percent, 5.2 percent squared five, two, five point two percent to the third power kind of. 41:17 Keep on doing this doing this. Ever, and this sum here, which is, you know, if you do it infinity and perpetuity, uh, it reduces to the cash flow over the interest rate. Casual over R. Okay, this is one of those infinite series, uh, reductions. Okay, so the price the present value is going to be equal to the cash flow divided by. 41:42 That's one of the simplification. That's why we kind of assume that cash flows are constant. A very simple formula. So the present value of a perpetuity is equal to the cash flow divided by R, the return investment or the discount rate. Uh, and it makes things very simple to compute, basically dividing two numbers one by the other. 42:02 Uh, as simple as that, uh, you know. For example, if you have a perpetuity that pays you $100, you get a discount rate of 10%. You know 100 divided by 10? Is your present value of a thousand dollars so I would pay a thousand dollars to buy this perpetuity that pays me a hundred dollars for it. 42:21 Now, why is this useful guys The Benchmark, the? Of borrowing. Uh, you know, a mortgage, which is, you know, 30-year mortgage to be close to perpetuity, uh, and I can compute the interest on the mortgage, uh, if you're borrowing a million dollars to buy a house around UCSD, uh, and you ask yourself what to be the interest on them on the mortgage. 42:44 You can basically eyeball it. You can approximate it using this formula, uh, this this formula here. 42:55 What the cash flows are going to be, and you're going to. You're gonna, you're gonna, you know, the return to. Okay, so the? For the formula is is right here. If I think of of the. If I think of of a million dollar mortgage that I'm taking, that's my present value terms. 43:14 If I know that the, uh, I'm borrowing a 10% interest just to round up the cash flows per year. The yearly interest that I'm going to be paying is X here, and that's going to be a hundred thousand dollars, okay, or per month. I'm gonna be paying 833. To to use this to use this formula. 43:37 Okay? Okay so, uh? What about a more practical formula? Uh, and the more practical formula would be this, uh. Formula of this notion of a growing perpetry. Okay, so what is the growing perpetuity? Well, you have cash flows. And they grow at a certain rate G. So if you're introducing this concept, this number G here, and this is the rate at which the the cash flows are wrong. 44:06 Cash flows are cash flows. Think of cash flows are profits noi net operating income. Okay, so Walmart has net operating income over, say, 100 million. This is my example if they grow at five percent year after year. 105 million, the year after that. It's going to be 110.25 million, so the cash flows are going to slowly grow. 44:27 Over time, and you're investing. Because because of that, okay, now if you have that, that kind of a a company in mind. The the validation is going to be slightly different. You're gonna, uh, the price of the asset is going to be cash flows R, minus G okay. Okay. 44:54 So, the G here is the growth rate of the cash flows, and there's a technical assumption the the G has to be less than R, so R has to be greater than G. Otherwise, you are the price you know. You have a price. Okay. So, that's the present value of a growing perpetuity. 45:13 This formula is very simple, and it's very useful. It's people use it as a. It's kind of rule of thumb dividing again a couple of numbers. You remember. In my previous example, if return is 10%, you have a perpetrity. That pays a hundred dollars for forever. Now, if that that cash flow grows at two percent per year, then the present valued the perpetuity. 45:38 Be a 1429 dollars. Okay, so that's basically putting a hundred dollars. R is 10 percent. The growth rate is three percent. This is going to be the present value okay. Remember, the present value is perpetrity without the growth rate. Another growth rate was $1,000. So by growing having this growth rate, if we increase the value by 429, okay, so this is, uh, an ether grow. 46:08 The growth rate is eight percent. Of course, you're gonna go, uh, you're gonna have a much higher valuation. So, this is, uh. Simple, you'd say. And they say, well, how can you use in practice? Here's an example, suppose you have a stock. And the stock pays dividends. Uh of 10 dollars. 46:29 And the Dividends are expected to grow. At about 10 percent. Okay, so we have, uh, Dividends are the cash flows that you're getting as an investor is $10. Uh, the councils are growing at 10. They're returning on on the stock is 15. This comes from. Where the captain? Uh, G comes from historical data. 46:53 Okay, and this $10 is what you see currently, right? This is what you see. Data, so plugging in the numbers, the cash flows R minus G gives you 200 valuation. So, that's a quick and dirty way to Value a stock that pays dividends. Okay, if the stock does not pay dividends, you have to work, but if it's dividend paying stock, the valuation is very simple. 47:19 Okay. Questions. Any questions? Beautiful. Okay, thank you guys. Thanks. There's no questions so I can move forward because I wanted to cover a few more things. Okay, so one thing? You might say as well. What about you know you're you're up until now? You had Investments that were perpetuities, you know, you have? 47:46 Cash flows going forever. What if I want to consider an asset that has a terminal value invest from 0 to? How can I consider that? Well, I can do the same calculations. It's going to be things going to be messy. You have cash flow, one cash flow, two all the way up to cash flow time T, and you can discount them backwards. 48:10 And it turns out that their formulas for that. Those are known as annuities. Uh, and the annuities, uh, just have. It's slightly more Messier for calculations. Uh, but you know, it's, uh, it's? Uh, it's. It's. Manageable, the present value of a say an annuity. Is is right here. Uh, and this is an annuity that pays you $100. 48:38 Or a certain cash flows for a certain number of time, and then it ends after end periods okay after end periods. So, looking at this formula, and I know this formulas are, these are tricky. But if the number of periods? Goes to Infinity. What would happen to this formula? 49:04 Well. You can. You can convince yourself. Exactly. It's going to be CF divided by R okay, which is exactly what we had before. So, when you have an annuity and it kind of expand the window to go to perpetuity, then you recover the formula for the perpetuity. That's that's exactly right. 49:22 So, just to make sure that you have not done the the calculations, we have not made a mistake in the calculations. Okay, so think of the annuity as a as a specific case when you have a finite Horizon, and then you increase the Horizon. There's a very nice Harvard Business School case study. 49:43 Uh, that argues that, you know, that accused the present value of an MBA degree? Uh, and I, I'm gonna let you read the slides. I just want to give it a punch line. It basically finds that the present value of an MBA degree is about is about half a million. 50:01 Okay, and actually the case study is about what is the present value of a ba degree undergraduate degree. It's about the million. The MBA degree is about half a million. Actually, an undergraduate. A high school degree is about, you know, 1.2 million? Uh and and so on so and and. 50:20 Uh, they did not ask for the present value of a PhD degree, but I bet you it's probably negative. The case study also illustrates a very important, uh, Concept in finance, which is known as diminishing returns. Uh, and that concept is, if you invest in any asset, the first investment, the first, you know, shot that you have gives you the highest return. 50:43 The next investment that you get into the asset is going to still be positive, but lower. Uh, and you're going to have this diminishing return. So, if you invest in education, same thing in the beginning, you know, investing in in a high school degree. It's a no-brainer, you know, you have get a very high return. 51:01 Investing in a ba degree is going to get you, uh, the present value is going to be a million dollars, and uh, MBA is going positive, and it's kind of a professional degrees is where you kind of reach the optimum, and after that things, things go go down. 51:19 So, if you guys are interested, I can dig it out, but that's that's. Okay, so to summarize things. So, we've talked about present values here. Uh, which is the price is future cash flows? Times. You might see this formula written with the E here, which is expected feature cash flow. 51:37 This is just emphasizing the cash flows are uncertain, so you have to take expectations, uh, model them in some ways. Okay, but you know, that's just the technicality. I just want to leave you with that, that the cash flows, the numerator, and the discount rate denominator. Both have to be a model. 51:55 Okay, so this is a summary of all the formulas that we've seen that we've seen. Far. Now, I want to use those formulas now to do Capital budgeting. Uh, and what is capital budgeting? Well, the capital budgeting is taking this present value formula and. And repackaging it. Take into account initial investment. 52:16 Okay, you're saying, well, I know what the future cash flows are going to be, but I want to see my initial investment is going to justify the spiritual cash flow, or you're going to be. It's gonna is gonna, uh, you know if it's worthwhile in making that investment? Capital budgeting is the present value calculation repackaged if you will take into account that you have. 52:37 You need an initial investment, uh, and you know, you're asking. It's asking whether the issue investment is, is, is worth it. Okay. Is really about deciding how to allocate scarce resources. Okay, so to decide amongst projects, managers need to have a clearly defined objective function. Uh, the objective function that is most widely used is npv net present value. 53:03 Present value same term as the same notion as we had before. Net means net of initial investment. Okay, simple as that. So, you know, you're gonna make money. The question is, how much do you have to invest? Invest currently and whether the future investment, the future value, the future cash flows are higher than initial investment. 53:23 Okay, we'll talk quickly about Roi, return investment in. Internal rate of return irr in after that. Okay, so here's the npv calculation super simple. 53:44 The net present value is the present value. Discussed so far, minus the initial investment. Simple as that. I mean, I don't want to spend more time than this. This is the future profits that we would see featured cash flow that we were discussing minus initial Investments. That's the new. 53:59 That's the new. 54:04 The. Calculations are, uh? You know, as simple as as it gets you basically discount. Cash flows minus into investments. You have to Discount the cash flows because initial investment is at Time Zero. So if you're thinking of of the way you have. Yeah, the future here. You're right here, and asking yourself, should I invest? 54:26 Uh, invest in a project. Well, your investment happens at Time Zero. Yeah, the cash flows happen in the future. Cash for one Cash for five cash flow 10. Sorry, okay, so you have to discount the cash flows back. This is crucial when you have cash flows that are going to happen when you have profits that are going to materialize in 5, 10, 15, 20 years, and that there are. 54:55 Going to happen in our case thing. In our case study, the initial invest is 13 billion dollars in present value term. You have to Airbus the K or the airline company has to write a check immediately for 13 billion dollars, and they're not going to see the cash flows. 55:09 They're not going to see the profit until you know 10 years down the road. When you know the project is the plane is developed, and you start, you know, they start selling it, and so on. Discounted here. Okay, so that's. That's how you know you're thinking of and net present values. 55:31 So, here's a quick toy example. If you have an issue investment of? Ten thousand dollars in Project a and cash flows are eleven and twelve thousand dollars, and you have a Project B with a lower investment requirement. Four thousand dollars cash flows are less certain. Twenty two thousand, minus twelve thousand. 55:49 Which one would you choose? Out going to the next slide, you know, it's hard to eyeball things, right? I mean, Project B's kind of slightly different. It's more volatile, but requires less investment. You know, there are a lot of, you know, they're not that easy to compare. Well, if you do the entity calculation, it becomes immediately clear. 56:11 Say it again. Sorry guys. If you can meet yourself. Okay, uh, so if you do the calculation, the npv of project a is going to be. Investment of ten thousand dollars, and then you compute the present value of the cash flow. The way we've done in the past, this is. 56:39 Present value of the cash flows minus an issue. Investment gives you an npv of ten thousand dollars. Yeah, the interpretation is. You're going to make ten thousand dollars more than your investment. Terms. Yeah, so. The decision here is, of course, you accept project a. Since it's MPD is positive. 56:58 Be same calculation. Invest. Four thousand dollars present value, uh, is, uh, of future cash. Flows of future profit is. The result is six thousand dollars. Technically. This project also is making money is. You're going to make $6,000 more than invest. You're gonna accept Project B since its mpb is positive, okay? 57:23 Generally speaking, you accept all positive MPD projects. Okay. So you see how easy it is to to make this up to? Operationalize. This both projects increase the value to the of the company, you know, they're worth investing in. So in the entity calculations. The. First rule. When you use npvs, invest in all positive activity projects, in other words. 57:51 In here, you should invest in a and in B if you have the funds. Yeah, if you have the phones now, if you have to make a choice. Okay, suppose you have ten thousand dollars. Do you invest in Project A1, Project B? What'd you guys think? 58:13 Hey! A exactly because it maximizes the value you. You're making $10,000 with project a with Project B you make six. Okay, you make six. That's exactly right. So, room two is choose the highest entity project because it maximizes the value. Note that the npv calculations is always in terms of dollar amounts. 58:36 So, I hope you feel careful here. I'll put dollar amounts here, so it maximizes the value of the company, not the percentages. And, you know, investor investors care about, you know, dollars? Okay, uh, so? The npv is what we've, uh, what we teach MBA is to use. It's now very widely used. 58:57 It's basically the default, uh, in in, uh, in in, uh, you know, Corporate finance decision making? That's what you'll be using your case study. It's a very clear Criterion. It's not, you don't have to be a rocket scientist to do this calculation, even if the future cash flows have to be estimated. 59:16 You know, this has, you know, there's got to be some forecasting of the cash flows. You have to come up with a discount rate. Things that we already discussed, but still once you agree on those calculations are media. 59:34 Well, no, so the, uh, the question is, what about the calculating the opportunity cost of those leftover of 6000? So, you suppose that you only had you can take only one project? A or B. That's the decision that you're making okay. Uh. And, uh, the. There's no opportunity cost in in this in this case, right? 59:55 You're basically making the decision. In in the the return is, you know, instead, ten thousand dollars, okay? So, one thing you might wonder, though, is, can I invest in two by one and a half project people? One point, you know, one, and a fractional project being, you know, usually you can't do that. 1:00:13 It's either A or B there's. There's no, there's no fright. You're not kind of. Um. Okay. I want to give you quickly the two, uh, the alternatives to npv. One is called the profitability index. It's the same formula just massaged, kind of put in different ways. The profitability index is future cash flows. 1:00:39 Divided by initial investment. Not rather than minus nature investment. This is divided by nutrientments. It gives you a percentage. Or kind of an index. Or any Roi is very similar. It's feature cash flows minus initial investment divided by initial investment that gives you percentage increase over the injury investment. 1:00:58 Okay, how by how much increase your initial investment okay? In kind of percentages, an index, or in percentages, not in dollar amounts. Okay. Uh, as a quick example, if you have the same, the same scenario of $10,000. That or four thousand dollars that you invest? Here's the profitability index for project a to Project B, gives you a profitability index of 2.5. 1:01:26 You're basically getting. Two times your money. Here, here, you're getting 2.5 times your money. So, in Project D, you're getting more bang for the buck that there's no questions about it for each dollar that you invest. You're getting 2.5 dollars back. Okay, maybe that Sergey, that's what you have it by. 1:01:45 Now! And, and the ROI is. 100 for a and 154b. So, if your cash constraint if each dollar counts? Uh, then, uh, you might think of Roi as being, you know, the better strategy or the better metric. And there's always a discussion if your cash constraint, if you cannot borrow from external financing, perhaps you want to do Roi calculations rather than than MPD calculations? 1:02:14 Okay? 1:02:19 Uh. Concept is a bit more is a bit trickier, and I want to explain it in 2 seconds. And this is the concept of internal rate of return irr. And that concept is a bit tricky because it it comes from a there. You have to kind of understand the economics behind it. 1:02:37 So, let's go to the npv. Entity calculation right here. Now, she posed that. I ask you if I keep increasing my discount rate? What will happen to my MP3 where some initial investment if I increase my discount rate? What would happen to my MPV? 1:03:01 It would go down right and at some point. I'm gonna have my apv's going to be exactly equal to zero, and I'm gonna I'm gonna have a positive npv, and it's going to go down down down and as discount rate increases and at some point I'm gonna have zero zero npt in a negative MP. 1:03:18 It in the point the r that sets my npv to zero. Okay, and this is what this graph shows. It basically tells you that. As the discount rate changes. The entity goes. This is borrowed from one of the books, uh, the. As the discovery changes, the entity decreases, decreases, decreases at one point. 1:03:41 Here, and then goes to negative. We're interested in this point here. Okay, why? Well, because especially markets that are competitive net present value of most projects I got is going to be zero, you're going to be in a competitive environment, uh, keep cash flows are going to be, you know, hard to to to, to get so. 1:04:03 The npv of competitive projects is pretty close to zero. The internal rate of return. Determinator return is the the discount rate that sets the initial investment equal to the future cash flows. Or cash flows managed in English management. Initial investment is equal to zero. Find the discount rate that make the Project's npv that makes it equal to zero. 1:04:32 Uh. Again. Uh. Is there? Is there, uh, an economic, uh, reason for that? Absolutely. Uh, I mentioned it briefly. How to make decisions using the IR? Well, once you find the the discount rate, once you find this discount rate, uh, say, 7.8, you decide whether the 7.8 percent is satisfactory for you. 1:04:58 Better. If you say, well, 7.8 percent is too low. For my other projects, I can make 9, 10, 12. This is too low, then you don't undertake this project simple as that. Uh, so this is, I have a couple of examples. Again here. I'm gonna I'm gonna skip them. 1:05:20 I want to tell you a couple of things. Uh, uh, before going to the case study, uh? Npv and the irr are perhaps the two most widely used objective functions. Okay, and in most cases, they provide the same answer. If you ask me, you know, rank projects based on npv and irr in 90, you know? 1:05:43 Uh, fraction of the cases they're going to give you the same answer. But mathematically, they're always exceptions. You cannot prove that they're exactly the same. Okay, not. It's not going to be always the case that npv and I are will give you the same ranking. Okay, and I have a quick example here that shows you that npv and IR give you different answers, uh, in this case, okay. 1:06:10 Uh, CFO seos use npv and IR pretty much. The, uh, I have a, uh, there's a very famous, you know, survey of of CFO CEOs that basically kind of, uh. Establish that fact. Okay, so? If you're saying, well, what? What is the bottom line well to? If you want to do capital budgeting if you max want to maximize the value of a company? 1:06:38 Make decisions in in an optimal way. You should use the MPD okay. You maximize the value basically by definition using the npv. Maximize the value of the company. I are in. Roi should be used with caution. If you have a constrained firm, if you have a firm that you know, counts every dollar. 1:06:54 Excuse that. Uh, the other methods are not really as as easy to defend. Uh, this is the article that I was talking about by Graham and Harvey. You can Google it. It's very, very widely cited, and they basically ask CFOs large companies what method they use to, uh, to choose projects, uh, and the top two methods are irr and npv, and variations of those. 1:07:25 Those are kind of a lot of them. The other ones are kind of variations of npdir. Okay, so this is something. That's so if you ask me, is this how people, uh? Operating in practice. The answer is yes. Okay, or or maybe NBA schools are doing a good job, uh, indoctrinating, uh, CFOs that they should be using that okay. 1:07:46 In the last 5 minutes, I want to talk about. I'm gonna unfortunately have to. I have to skip, uh, this hedging stuff, and I want to talk about. The case study Airbus and I want to give you a couple of pointers when you read the case study. What to look for? 1:08:12 Sorry, so here's the premise. You have? Uh, a large company. Airbus. And they're contemplating investing. Uh, developing any project. Uh, the, uh, initial investment. The development of this project? Is going to be non-trivial. 13 billion dollars. That's going to be your initial investment. Your I? Uh, and the question is whether they feature cash flows. 1:08:41 Are going to justify this investment if this project is positive NPD project. Now, there are a lot of interesting elements in this case, uh, one is that, as you know, this is a very large aircraft risky investment. To make. When you read the case, you see that Airbus first wanted to develop this project. 1:09:04 You know, competitors, you know what you know with this project together? They knew that it was risky. Uh, and Boeing said, no, no, no, no? Have? We don't want to have anything to do with developing a very large aircraft. Why, because Boeing when they developed the 747, they pretty much were in the same situation. 1:09:25 They, they almost went bankrupt, developed developing the 747 okay, but in the 60s and 70s, the only reason they did not. They did not go back and crop is because they had a large defense contract that kind of hedged and helped them survive. Okay, so that's this is to tell you that there's a risk. 1:09:45 So, once you think of the case, if you say, what should be the r of this investment, the discount rate, it should be. No, it should not be the average discount rate of the of the average Airbus, uh, project. Okay. 1:10:06 Couple of things. Uh, so we're going to be doing, and this is going to be an NTV calculation. Uh, the initial investment is going to be 13 billion dollars. Airbus uses a discount rate of 11 for their projects, so the question is again, should they use 11 here or something higher, something lower? 1:10:26 They were asking, you know, future. If the price per plane if you can charge in the future, should it be indexed inflation, should it be growing inflation? This is our. In our formulation, this is our R, perhaps, in our formulation. Uh, what we did a growth rate of cash flows? 1:10:46 A couple of other elements that are important this in this case, uh, one is that the, uh, they had a very favorable tax rate. Agreement with the your European governments that have allowed them to to Shield some of the losses to carry them forward. And in some other. You know, elements are, are? 1:11:09 You know, price per plane was estimated to be 216 million, and so on. So, when you read the case, try to ask yourself, how would you put all this all this blah, blah, blah into Excel spreadsheet? Okay, I'm not going to ask you to do it. I'm gonna do it because it is a it is a demanding case. 1:11:25 So, next time, what we do the case, we're gonna basically go step by step through the, uh, through this through the. Build the valuation exercise. Okay, but please, I want you to at least when you read the case to be familiar with the number. So once I put the numbers, oh yes, I remember that from the case, okay? 1:11:44 Operating margins in the solar, okay? Oh, we're doing the case of case we posted. Uh, if the case notification not posted, uh, it should be posted. Please, let me know if you cannot see it. Oh, it is okay, perfect. Okay, excellent. Okay, so by the way, Harvard Business School case studies, you know, since you want to get a feel of what an MBA degree is part of a business school. 1:12:13 Case studies is one of those things that you know it, it, and his students are exposed to, and, and it's, it's a valuable tool, you know. It gives you all the information. It's basically a, you know, and it's, that's how life is. You have a lot of information you have to sift through a lot. 1:12:28 Some of that information, uh, and decide what's relevant. What's not? Okay? Uh, 602, sorry I get. It was over two minutes a lot to cover. If there are any questions, feel free to. Nail me again. I got a couple of good good comments from last lecture, so I'm always happy to to respond. 1:12:53 Yeah, if there are any difficulties with getting at the case also that, you know, okay? See you guys! Thank you! I'll stay for a couple of minutes if you have any questions. Thank you Professor. Thank you guys! 1:13:13 Thank you. Yeah, thank you. Thank you.
```
